README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<a href="https://ibb.co/wQ4GK21"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/HPqwr9Q/whatsapp-botto-void-init.png" alt="whatsapp-botto-void-init" border="0"></a>

# **WhatsApp-Botto-Void**
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/synthesized-infinity/whatsapp-botto-void/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/synthesized-infinity/whatsapp-botto-void)
## [![WhatsApp Group](https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white)](https://chat.whatsapp.com/I4m8zLPwTme9II9aZWRZJ1) [![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) [![NodeJs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/en/)

> A Fully Modular and Efficient Bot <br>

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

</div><br/>
<br/>

## ✨ Highlights
- Fully Modular Design
- Object Oriented
- Written in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- Self-Resoting Auth
- Built with [Baileys](https://github.com/adiwajshing/baileys) (The Best WhatsApp Library Out There) 

## 💻 Deploy/Hosting Guide
- Section Moved to [Void-Guides](https://github.com/Synthesized-Infinity/Void-Guides)

## 💪 Contribution

+ Feel free to open issues regarding any problems or if you have any feature requests
+ Make sure to follow the ESLint Rules while editing the code and run `npm run prettier-format` before opening PRs



## 🌐 Join Us
### 🔵 Discord Server
[![DISCORD](https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/Nzsb5weQFg)](https://discord.gg/Nzsb5weQFg)
### 🟢 WhatsApp Group
# [![WhatsApp Group](https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white)](https://chat.whatsapp.com/I4m8zLPwTme9II9aZWRZJ1)

Commit message:

Added a hyperlink to features.md in readme.md

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<a href="https://ibb.co/wQ4GK21"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/HPqwr9Q/whatsapp-botto-void-init.png" alt="whatsapp-botto-void-init" border="0"></a>

# **WhatsApp-Botto-Void**
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/synthesized-infinity/whatsapp-botto-void/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/synthesized-infinity/whatsapp-botto-void)
## [![WhatsApp Group](https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white)](https://chat.whatsapp.com/I4m8zLPwTme9II9aZWRZJ1) [![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) [![NodeJs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)](https://nodejs.org/en/)

> A Fully Modular and Efficient Bot <br>

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

</div><br/>
<br/>

## ✨ Highlights
- Fully Modular Design
- Object Oriented
- Written in [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- Self-Resoting Auth
- Built with [Baileys](https://github.com/adiwajshing/baileys) (The Best WhatsApp Library Out There) 

## 💻 Deploy/Hosting Guide
- Section Moved to [Void-Guides](https://github.com/Synthesized-Infinity/Void-Guides)
## 🍥 Features of the Repo
- To view all features, click here➡️[Void_featuresList.md](https://github.com/AB1RZ9/Whatsapp-Botto-Void/blob/main/Features.md)


## 💪 Contribution

+ Feel free to open issues regarding any problems or if you have any feature requests
+ Make sure to follow the ESLint Rules while editing the code and run `npm run prettier-format` before opening PRs



## 🌐 Join Us
### 🔵 Discord Server
[![DISCORD](https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/Nzsb5weQFg)](https://discord.gg/Nzsb5weQFg)
### 🟢 WhatsApp Group
# [![WhatsApp Group](https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white)](https://chat.whatsapp.com/I4m8zLPwTme9II9aZWRZJ1)
